we made on that door they gave up in the
back I think you probably would be thank
you Tom type would be you
lost em middle less of a cup of it those
Avon
explosives planted that it is King
Brennus why should I have any guy I
don't know I don't ever want anyone
innate anymore you got a sister na
somewhere - meaning we're pretty much
encouraged to garnish funny feeling shit
my grenade - and a tackle to the bone
feeling that convinced that's it up
explosives planted nice and wide that
rock that also left
planta left I don't have a flash or any
warfare oh maybe got a pro yes look
hello uh together
- good double ok shit someone kills me
no dice I can call Forte hastily I don't
think any attorney okay I'm okay
get out get out again Jeremy is gonna be
yep one's a name pushing the back doctor
to an a21 woman taps table 3/9 explosive
planted Paula Oppel simmer transfer a
fortune cookie overlooking ever since I
don't care hold on phone schedule I'm
count yeah it's gonna happen
so how did you who did it go I don't get
it dad like you're funny
explosion just a few